feat(Learn): update metadata of Learn section (#1509)
ava-labs/avalanche-docs: docs/learn/avalanche/avalanche-consensus.md

---

> tags: [consensus, snowball, protocol]

Reviewer: Tags are visible links embed at the bottom of each page and should only include the domains the page lives under. Words like this should be in the `keywords` metadata field. See [here](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-docs/blob/master/docs/build/subnet/deploy/custom-vm-subnet.md) for a good example.

Author: Gotcha ✅

> tags: [consensus, snowball, protocol]
> description: Avalanche Conesensus is a consensus protocol that is scalable, robust, and decentralized.
> keywords: [avalanche consensus, snowball, scaling blockchains, nakamoto consensus]
> sidebar_label: Avalanche Consensus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: [Avalanche Concensus, Avalanche Protocol]
description: Avalanche Consensus is a consensus protocol that is scalable, robust, and decentralized.
keywords: [avalanche consensus, snowman concensus, scaling blockchains, nakamoto consensus]
sidebar_label: Avalanche Consensus
```
